Add containerd support to PrepareNode script (#5071)
antrea-io/antrea: docs/windows.md

Firstly, install wins, kubelet, kubeadm using script `PrepareNode.ps1` provided
by kubernetes. The third component [`wins`](https://github.com/rancher/wins) is
used to run kube-proxy and antrea-agent on Windows host inside the Windows

> container. Specify the Node IP, Kubernetes Version and Container Runtime while

Reviewer: ```suggestion
container. Specify the Node IP, Kubernetes Version and container runtime while
```

> running the script. If you do not specify any container runtime, it will be Docker

Reviewer: I would prefer containerd to work by default since docker is deprecated since K8s 1.24

Firstly, install wins, kubelet, kubeadm using script `PrepareNode.ps1` provided
by kubernetes. The third component [`wins`](https://github.com/rancher/wins) is
used to run kube-proxy and antrea-agent on Windows host inside the Windows
container. Specify the Node IP, Kubernetes Version and container runtime while
running the script. If you do not specify any container runtime, it will be containerd
by default. (Note: Docker has been deprecated since k8s version 1.24). You can also

> specify whether you want to install OVS and kube-proxy on the node.

Reviewer 2: `whether you want to install OVS` 
We didn't add this feature in this PR

```powershell

> # Example:

Reviewer 2: No runtime change examples?

Reviewer 2: Maybe add commands like `.\Prepare-Node.ps1 -KubernetesVersion v1.27.0 -NodeIP 192.168.1.10`  and `.\Prepare-Node.ps1 -KubernetesVersion v1.27.0 -NodeIP 192.168.1.10 -ContainerRuntime docker`  with explaination.

curl.exe -LO "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/antrea-io/antrea/main/hack/windows/Prepare-Node.ps1"

> .\Prepare-Node.ps1 -KubernetesVersion v1.27.0 -NodeIP 192.168.1.10 -ContainerRuntime

Reviewer 2: ditto, please update k8s version for docker runtime.

docker
 
```

You can specify the InstallKubeProxy parameter as true if you  want to install 
kube-proxy on the node. The default value of the parameter is false.

```powershell

> .\Prepare-Node.ps1 -KubernetesVersion v1.27.0 -InstallKubeProxy:$true -NodeIP 192.168.1.10 -ContainerRuntime docker

Reviewer 2: For containerd with kube-proxy, we should use kubernetes 1.25, because since 1.26 kube-proxy kernel datapath has been deprecated on windows and antrea can only run with proxyAll enabled.

Firstly, install wins, kubelet, kubeadm using script `PrepareNode.ps1` provided
by kubernetes. The third component [`wins`](https://github.com/rancher/wins) is
used to run kube-proxy and antrea-agent on Windows host inside the Windows
container. Specify the Node IP, Kubernetes Version and container runtime while
running the script. If you do not specify any container runtime, it will be

> containerd by default. The following command downloads and executes `PrepareNode.ps1`:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
containerd by default. The following command downloads and executes `Prepare-Node.ps1`:
```

Firstly, install wins, kubelet, kubeadm using script `PrepareNode.ps1` provided
by kubernetes. The third component [`wins`](https://github.com/rancher/wins) is
used to run kube-proxy and antrea-agent on Windows host inside the Windows

> container.Specify the Node IP , Kubernetes Version and Container Runtime while 

Reviewer 2: Please add the runtime default value info, and add a space after the period.

running the script.You can also specify whether you want to install OVS on the 
node.

```powershell
# Example:
curl.exe -LO "https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/sig-windows-tools/releases/download/v0.1.5/PrepareNode.ps1"

> .\Prepare-Node.ps1 -KubernetesVersion v1.25.0 -InstallOVS -NodeIP 192.168.1.10 -ContainerRuntime ContainerD

Reviewer 2: We want to bump up windows testbed to 1.27, so better to use v1.27.x here

Firstly, install wins, kubelet, kubeadm using script `PrepareNode.ps1` provided
by kubernetes. The third component [`wins`](https://github.com/rancher/wins) is
used to run kube-proxy and antrea-agent on Windows host inside the Windows
container. Specify the Node IP , Kubernetes Version and Container Runtime while 
running the script. If you do not specify any container runtime , it will be Docker 
by default. You can also specify whether you want to install OVS on the 

> node.

Reviewer 4: Doc message should be enhanced as docker CRI will not be supported from k8 1.23

> specify whether you want to install OVS on the node.

Reviewer 3: remove spaces before `,`
make sure there is one space after `.` and `:`

```powershell
# Example:
curl.exe -LO "https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/sig-windows-tools/releases/download/v0.1.5/PrepareNode.ps1"

> .\Prepare-Node.ps1 -KubernetesVersion v1.27.x -InstallOVS -NodeIP 192.168.1.10 -ContainerRuntime ContainerD

Reviewer 3: "ContainerD" is a weird writing, can we just use "docker" and "containerd" in this option?

Reviewer: Use a valid K8s version in the example rather than "1.27.x"?

Firstly, install wins, kubelet, kubeadm using script `PrepareNode.ps1` provided
by kubernetes. The third component [`wins`](https://github.com/rancher/wins) is
used to run kube-proxy and antrea-agent on Windows host inside the Windows
container. Specify the Node IP, Kubernetes Version and Container Runtime while
running the script. If you do not specify any container runtime, it will be Docker
by default. (Note: Docker has been deprecated since k8s version 1.24). You can also
specify whether you want to install OVS on the node.

> 

Reviewer 2: Add introduction for kube-proxy installation.

Reviewer 2: We should add clear command examples to explain how to run Prepare-Node.ps1 for docker/containerd testbed with/without kube-proxy. @NamanAg30

Author: change made

Reviewer 2: Reminder

```powershell
# Example:
curl.exe -LO "https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/sig-windows-tools/releases/download/v0.1.5/PrepareNode.ps1"

> .\Prepare-Node.ps1 -KubernetesVersion v1.27.0 -InstallOVS -NodeIP 192.168.1.10 -ContainerRuntime

Reviewer 2: Remove `-InstallOVS`
